kruchaweczka meduzogłowa
kruchaweczka zaroślowa
kruchaweczka namakająca 
kruchaweczka wąskoblaszkowa
kruchaweczka najdelikatniejsza
kruchaweczka twardotrzonowa
kruchaweczka plamista
kruchaweczka wysmukła
kruchaweczka kołpaczkowata
kruchaweczka gładka
kruchaweczka długotrzonowa
kruchaweczka kępkowa
kruchaweczka krótkokorzeniasta
kruchaweczka brudnobiała
kruchaweczka dzwonkowata
Psathyrella gracilis
Psathyrella pseudocorrugis
kruchaweczka różowawa
Psathyrella berolinensis
kruchaweczka jedwabistotrzonowa
Kruchaweczka białoostrzowa
kruchaweczka czarnoblaszkowa
Kruchaweczka drobna
Psathyrella fibrillosa
Kruchaweczka fasolowatozarodnikowa
Psathyrella obtusata
kruchaweczka ochrowobiała
kruchaweczka przydrożna
kruchaweczka blada
kruchaweczka czerwonobrązowa
Psathyrella bipellis
Psathyrella tephrophylla
kruchaweczka malutka
Psathyrella artemisiae
Psathyrella orbicularis
Psathyrella prona f. cana
Psathyrella clivensis
Psathyrella  picta
Kruchaweczka ochrowoczarna
Psathyrella ridicula
Psathyrella opaca
Psathyrella pellucidipes
Psathyrella spintrigeroides
kruchaweczka najmniejsza
kruchaweczka topolowa