płomiennica zimowa
opieńka ciemna
żółciak siarkowy
siedzuń jodłowy 
uszak bzowy 
opieńka miodowa 
opieńka bezpierścieniowa
opieńka północna
opieńka żółtawa
ozorek dębowy
soplówka bukowa
białoporek brzozowy
wrośniak różnobarwny
lakownica żółtawa 
soplówka jeżowata
wachlarzowiec olbrzymi 
soplówka jodłowa
Opieńka cebulotrzonowa
pniarek obrzeżony
hubiak pospolity
stroczek domowy
rozszczepka pospolita
murszak rdzawy
lakownica spłaszczona
czyreń ogniowy
kolczatek strzępiasty
galaretek kolczasty
czyreń sosnowy
pniarek lekarski
uszak skórnikowaty
korzeniowiec wieloletni
błyskoporek szczotkowaty
wrośniak szorstki
gmatwica chropowata
jodłownica górska
niszczyca płotowa
gęstoporek cynobrowy
gmatwek dębowy
chrząstkoskórnik purpurowy
miękusz szafranowy
lakownica brązowoczarna 
jamkówka białobrązowa 
wrośniak strefowany
zieleniak drobny
wrośniak anyżkowy
błyskoporek płaczący 
łycznik ochrowy 
lipnik lepki
bagnówka pałkowa
pniarek różowy
różnoporek dwuwarstwowy
gmatwica trójbarwna
jamkówka kurczliwa
porek dębowy
czyreń osikowy
gąbczak piankowy
gmatkówka szarawa
kielisznik jodłowy
czyreń jodłowy
żylak trzęsakowaty 
późnoporka czerwieniejąca 
wrośniak garbaty
drobnoporek sproszkowany
suchogłówka korowa
drewnowiec popękany
niszczyca anyżkowa
blaszkowiec drobnozarodnikowy
warstwiak zwęglony
błyskoporek cynamonowy
szkieletnica bezkształtna
skórnik krwawiący
talerzyk szkarłatny
miękusz rabarbarowy
pomarańczowiec błyszczący
wrośniaczek sosnowy
orzechówka mączysta
drewniak szkarłatny
niszczyk ząbkowaty
uszak bzowy odmiana biała
błyskoporek skórzasty
lakownica jasnomiąższowa
szczeciniak rdzawy 
czyreń rozpostarty 
czyreń śliwowy
zębniczek północny
klejoporek winnoczerwony
klejoporek dwubarwny
szczecinkowiec tabaczkowy
szczeciniak jodłowy
włochatka jasna 
jamkówka rzędowa
czyreń muszlowy
jamkóweczka żółtawa 
stroczek leśny
chropiatka lejkowata
jamczatka wielkopora
rozszczepka kloszowa
jamkówka żółta
chropiatka piórowata
złotoporek niemiły
chropiatka pospolita
napień wypłowiały
radlaczek zwisły
porokolczak mleczny
gąbkowiec północny
stroczniczek złotawy
włochatka ciemna
różówka nadrzewna
szkieletnica wonna
czarnoporek wrośniakowaty
jamkówka wierzbowa
Czyreń gładki
orzechówka wiązkowa
drewniak pierzasty
chropiatka kwiatowa
ciżmówka płaska
Jamkówka pogięta
pięknoskórnik modry
drobnoporek ceglastoczerwony
powłocznik białofioletowy
Lakownica czerwonawa
gnilica mózgowata
drobnoporek modry
drewniczka różnopora
skórnik gałązkowy
bulwkowiec mączysty
Błyskoporek dębowy
szaroporka odymiona
zieleniak grynszpanowy
Czyreń świerkowy
powłocznica osikowa
czyreń robiniowy
Błyskoporek rozpostarty
Phylloporia ribis
Czyreń brązowożółty
drobnoporek rozwierkowy
skórnikówka białobrązowa
drobnoporek gorzki
drobnokropka czerwonawa
szkieletnica różowoszara
białak  kwiatokształtny
Niszczyca belkowa
powłocznica popielata
Phellopilus nigrolimitatus 
błyskoporek guzkowaty
drobnoporek kruchy
Czyreń topolowy
Fuscoporia ferrea
chropiatka cuchnąca
niszczyca jodłowa
Resinicium bicolor
dwuzarodniczka cytrynowa
Jamkówka bawełniana
Jamkówka różnokształtna
żylak iglasty
Jamkówka gruba
Ciemnoskórnik północny
ciżmówka drobnołuskowa
Lakownica europejska
Łzawnik drobnozarodnikowy
czarnoporek poduszeczkowaty
Fuscoporia torulosa
białoskórnik chropowaty
szkieletnica aksamitna
ciżmówka mchowa
Sarcodontia delectans 
Jamkówka jabłoniowa
strzępkoząb bzowy
Szkieletnica trwała
Gnilica oliwkowa
pniarek jesionowy
Drobnoporek falistobrzegi
Czyreń wąskoszczecinkowaty
powłocznica grabowa
Szczeciniak cynamonowy
włókniczek skórkowaty 
Szczeciniak sadzowaty
Szkieletnica różowawa
woszczyneczka obrzeżona
Jamczatka drobnopora
Szczeciniak chropawy
skórniczek jodłowy
Trametopsis cervina
drobnoporek modrobiały
Erastia salmonicolor
Biscogniauxia marginata
Jamkówka pofałdowana
czarnoporek brązowiejący
wrośniaczek żelatynowaty
szkieletnica miękka
Wrośniaczek skorupiasty
ciżmówka ciemnoblaszkowa
Mycoaciella bispora
Cudoniella clavus
Drobnoporek łzawiący
Twardoporek czerniejący
powłocznica lipowa
Flaviporus citrinellus
Postia rennyi
Wełniczek niebieskozielony
Crustodontia chrysocreas 
Fuscoporia contigua
Wrośniak chropowaty
Antrodia sordida
Podstawkorożek szary
wrośniak miękkowłosy
Radulodon aneirinus
Ruzenia spermoides
Camarops tubulina
Boidinia furfuracea
Jamkówka miodowa
Skórniczek świerkowy
powłoczniczek 
powleczka podkorowa
Drobnoporek łagodny
Phanerochaete deflectens 
Gnilica wrzecionowatozarodnikowa
Jamkówka północna
Szczeciniak jaworowy
Drobnoporek nieforemny
Anomoloma myceliosum 
Gnilica cienka
Zmiennoporek krwawiący
Bertia moriformis
Cudoniella acicularis
Drobnoporek watowaty
Ozięblak topolowy
skrętniczek bukowy
Daldinia fissa
Skórniczek jałowcowy
białak jasnopomarańczowy
szkieletnica biaława
powłocznica jesionowa
Zarodniczka nadobna
Podstawkodrzewek błękitnawy
nalotek kolczastozarodnikowy
Durandiella gallica
Podstawkodrzewek ochrowy
Cenangium acuum
Capitotricha bicolor
cylindrowiec białawy
Echinosphaeria strigosa
Dennisiodiscus prasinus
Pezicula eucrita
Therrya pini
Pezicula ocellata
Incrucipulum ciliare
Amicodisca virella
strocznica pomarańczowa
Cercophora sulphurella